<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="XC38B1CF8_ID1541" xml:lang="null"><title>Canadian Standards</title><conbody>

<ol>
<li>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">Many of the standards referenced in the NBC are published by standards development organizations accredited in Canada. As part of the accreditation requirements, these organizations adhere to the principle of consensus, which generally means substantial majority agreement of a committee comprising a balance of producer, user and general interest members, and the consideration of all negative comments. The standards development organizations also have formal procedures for the balloting and second-level review of standards prepared under their oversight.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The following organizations are accredited as standards development organizations in Canada:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Air-Conditioning, Heating and Refrigeration Institute (AHRI)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ASTM International</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Bureau de normalisation du Qu&#x00E9;bec (BNQ)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Canadian General Standards Board (CGSB)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>CSA Group</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>International Association of Plumbing and Mechanical Officials (IAPMO)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ULC Standards</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Underwriters&#x27; Laboratories Inc. (UL)</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">Tables 1.3.1.2. and D-1.1.2. of Division B list the standards referenced in the NBC. Standards proposed to be referenced in the NBC are reviewed to ensure that their content is compatible with the Code. Thereafter, referenced standards are reviewed as needed during each Code cycle. Standards development organizations are asked to provide information on any changes in the status of their standards referenced in the NBC&#x2014;withdrawals, amendments, new editions, etc. This information is passed on to the CCBFC, its standing committees, the provinces and territories, and interested stakeholders, all of whom are given the opportunity to identify any problems associated with the changes. These bodies do not necessarily review in detail the revised standards; rather, the approach relies on the consensus process involved in the maintenance of the standards and on the extensive knowledge and experience of committee members, provincial or territorial staff, NRC staff, and consulted stakeholders to identify changes in the standards that might create problems in the Code.</p>
</li></ul></li></ol></conbody>
</concept>
