<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="XC38B1CF8_ID321" xml:lang="null"><title>Relationship between the NBC and the NFC</title><conbody>

<ul>
<li>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The NBC and NFC each contain provisions that relate to the safety of persons in buildings in the event of a fire and the protection of buildings from the effects of fire.<sup>(1)</sup> These two model codes are developed as complementary and coordinated documents to minimize the possibility of their containing conflicting provisions. It is expected that buildings comply with both the NBC and the NFC.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The NBC covers the fire safety and fire protection features that are required to be incorporated in a building at the time of its original construction. Building codes typically no longer apply once a building is occupied, unless the building is undergoing alteration or change of use, or being demolished.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The NFC covers:</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>the ongoing maintenance and use of the fire safety and fire protection features incorporated in buildings</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>the conduct of activities that might cause fire hazards in and around buildings</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>The NFC also applies to other types of facilities besides buildings (e.g. tank farms and storage yards). Those applications are not discussed here.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>limitations on hazardous contents in and around buildings</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>the establishment of fire safety plans</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>fire safety at construction and demolition sites</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">In addition, the NFC contains provisions regarding fire safety and fire protection features that must be added to existing buildings when certain hazardous activities or processes are introduced into these buildings.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">Some of the NFC&#x27;s provisions are incorporated by reference in the NBC and, thus, may apply to original construction, alterations, or changes in use.</p>
</li></ol></li></ul></conbody>
</concept>
