<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="XC38B1CF8_ID524" xml:lang="null"><title>Code Requirements</title><conbody>

<ul>
<li>
<ol>
<li>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">Most NBC requirements address at least one of the Code&#x27;s five stated objectives (safety, health, accessibility, fire and structural protection of buildings, and environment).</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">In processing proposed changes or additions to any of the National Model Codes, the CCBFC considers many issues such as the following:</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Does the proposed requirement provide the minimum level of performance&#x2014;and no more than the minimum&#x2014;needed to achieve the Code&#x27;s objectives?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Will persons responsible for Code compliance be able to act on or implement the requirement using commonly accepted practices?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Will enforcement agencies be able to enforce the requirement?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are the costs of implementing the requirement justifiable?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have the potential policy implications of the requirement been identified and addressed?</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Is there broad consensus on this requirement among Code users representing all facets of the design and construction industries as well as among provincial and territorial governments?</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">Guidelines for requesting changes to the NBC are available on the NRC&#x27;s website.</p>
</li></ol></li></ul></conbody>
</concept>
