<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="XC38B1CF8_ID192" xml:lang="null"><title>National Building Code of Canada 2020</title><conbody>

<p  outputclass="BodyText">The NBC sets out technical provisions for the design and construction of new buildings. It also applies to the alteration, change of use and demolition of existing buildings.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The NBC establishes requirements to address the following five objectives:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>safety</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>health</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>accessibility</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>fire and structural protection of buildings</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>environment</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">Code provisions do not necessarily address all the characteristics of buildings that might be considered to have a bearing on the Code&#x27;s objectives. Through the extensive consensus process used to develop and maintain the National Model Codes (see the section entitled Development of the National Model Codes), the Codes-user community has decided which characteristics should be regulated through the NBC.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The provisions of the NBC can be considered as the minimum acceptable measures required to adequately achieve the above-listed objectives, as recommended by the CCBFC. Once they are adopted into law or regulation by an authority having jurisdiction, the provisions become minimum acceptable requirements representing the minimum level of performance required to achieve the objectives that is acceptable to the adopting authority.</p>
<table  frame="all">
<title>
</title>
<tgroup  cols="1">
<colspec  colname="C1" colnum="1" colwidth="167.147*"></colspec>
<tbody><row>
<entry  colname="C1" colsep="1" rowsep="1"><p  outputclass="BodyText">In context of the preceding paragraph, the terms &#x201C;authority having jurisdiction&#x201D; and &#x201C;adopting authority&#x201D; refer to the government of the Province of British Columbia. This differs from the context of application and enforcement of the BCBC, for which the Code contains a distinct definition of the term &#x201C;authority having jurisdiction&#x201D;. (See Article 1.4.1.2. of Division A.)</p>
</entry>
</row></tbody></tgroup></table>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The NBC is a model code which, when adopted or adapted by a province or territory, becomes a regulation. It is not a guideline on building design or construction. The design of a technically sound building depends upon many factors beyond compliance with building regulations. Such factors include the availability of knowledgeable practitioners who have received appropriate education, training and experience and who are familiar with the principles of good building practice and experience using reference manuals and technical guides.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The NBC does not list acceptable proprietary building products. It establishes the criteria that building materials, products and assemblies must meet. Some of these criteria are explicitly stated in the NBC while others are incorporated by reference to material or product standards published by standards development organizations. Only those portions of the standards related to the objectives of this Code are mandatory parts of the NBC.</p>
</li></ul></conbody>
</concept>
