<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="XC38B1CF8_ID73" xml:lang="null"><title>Development of the National Model Codes</title><conbody>

<p  outputclass="BodyText">The CCBFC, an independent committee established by the National Research Council of Canada (NRC), is responsible for the content of the National Model Codes. The CCBFC is made up of volunteers from across the country and from all facets of the Codes-user community. Members of the CCBFC and its standing committees include builders, engineers, skilled trade workers, architects, building owners, building operators, fire and building officials, manufacturers, and representatives of general interests.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The CCBFC is advised on scope, policy and technical issues pertaining to the Codes by the Provincial/Territorial Policy Advisory Committee on Codes (PTPACC), which is a committee of senior representatives from provincial/territorial ministries responsible for building, fire, plumbing and energy regulation in their jurisdictions. The PTPACC was created by the provinces and territories, with provision of guidance to the CCBFC as one of its main
functions. Through the PTPACC, the provinces and territories are engaged in every phase of the Codes development process.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">Codes Canada staff within the Construction Research Centre at the NRC provide technical and administrative support to the CCBFC and its standing committees, and coordinate the provision of evidence-based research to inform Codes development. The NRC publishes the National Model Codes and periodic revisions to the Codes to address pressing issues.</p>
<table  frame="all">
<title>
</title>
<tgroup  cols="1">
<colspec  colname="C1" colnum="1" colwidth="167.147*"></colspec>
<tbody><row>
<entry  colname="C1" colsep="1" rowsep="1"><p  outputclass="BodyText">Similar to the Codes themselves, such periodic revisions do not have legal effect until adopted into law by the Province of British Columbia.</p>
</entry>
</row></tbody></tgroup></table>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The broader Codes-user community also makes significant contributions to the Codes development process by submitting requests for changes or additions to the Codes and by commenting on the proposed changes during the public reviews that precede each new edition.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">The CCBFC takes into consideration the advice received from the provinces and territories as well as Codes users&#x27; comments at each stage of Codes development. The scope and content of the National Model Codes are determined on a consensus basis, which involves the review of technical, policy and practical concerns and discussion of the implications of these concerns.</p>
<p  outputclass="BodyText">More information on the Codes development process is available on the NRC&#x27;s website.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
